;
					Welcome to your new hobby : Battleship !

Let's begin by covering the basics for this version of the game.

Immediately after starting a new game, a window will display representing your own part of the sea, or "sea grid".
Before the battle begins, you will need to place your ships.
To do so, you must select the ship you want to place, before inputting the coordinates of the first square it will occupy.
The game will then list all compatible squares where the end of your ship may be located, each corresponding to an orientation.

For example, choosing coordinate A1 for a torpedo boat will yield squares A2 and B1 as options.

As you make your choice, green crosses will appear on your sea grid locating your fleet.

Speaking of your fleet - let's review all the ships at your disposal :

-An AIRCRAFT CARRIER (our army isn't afraid to spend lots ^^), taking up five consecutive squares.

-A BATTLE CRUISER, occupying four

-A SUBMARINE (impressive, eh ?), taking up three

-A DESTROYER, also three squares long

-And its counterpart the TORPEDO BOAT, the shortest ship at two squares of length.

Once the entire fleet is stationed, confirm its formation, and the window will close while the AI prepares itself.
Once it is ready, a new window will pop up, with your sea grid on one side and the opponent's on the other.

Since you have warships at the ready, let's see how you can launch an attack.

Offensives are launched by giving target coordinates. A cross will highlight the square you chose.
It will be red if you have hit an enemy ship, and white otherwise.
Be careful : you have a time limit to make your move.

After your turn ends, you will have to wait for your opponent to attack you as well.
As for yours, its shots are marked by white crosses if they fail, and red crosses if they succeed.

You can bring me back at any time to help you by clicking the help button in the game window.
Press any key to start the game !

					Good luck, Admiral.

									Created by Dabbing Meerkats Studio
